[DOC-563] Docs for voyager v1.8.6 (#25082)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/reference/data-migration/import-data.md

| [--target-ssl-crl](../../yb-voyager-cli/#yugabytedb-options) | Path to a file containing the SSL certificate revocation list (CRL).|
| --target-ssl-mode | Specify the SSL mode for the target database as one of `disable`, `allow`, `prefer` (default), `require`, `verify-ca`, or `verify-full`. |
| [--target-ssl-root-cert](../../yb-voyager-cli/#yugabytedb-options) | Path to a file containing SSL certificate authority (CA) certificate(s). |

> | --truncate-tables | Truncate tables on target YugabyteDB database before importing data. Applicable along with `--start-clean true` only. <br>Default: false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --truncate-tables | Truncate tables on target YugabyteDB database before importing data. This option is only valid if `--start-clean` is set to true. <br>Default: false |
```
